README.md, before:

# pnlp

Permissionless Publishing Platform

pnlp (pronounced "pulp") is an open publishing platform for written content.

# Development

- clone this repo
- cd `pnlp/pnlp-app`
- `npm install`
- `npm start`
- [http://localhost:4200](http://localhost:4200)
- during HackFS, use [FEEDBACK.md](https://github.com/pnlp-network/pnlp/blob/master/FEEDBACK.md) to list all (even minor) interactive trouble with positive and critical feedback for other teams we're interacting with. This is helpful to the community at large.
- use [LOG.md](https://github.com/pnlp-network/pnlp/blob/master/LOG.md) to make high level notes about new accomplishments/progress/challenges on any given day. We hope to be able to start blogging about the development of `pnlp` _on_ `pnlp` itself and LOG.md can serve as the bones of many articles.

# Stack

- javascript browser application; Angular
- the browser application is deployed to and hosted on IPFS using Fleek
- browser application uses the ethers library to interact with the ethereum blockchain
- the browser application integrates with metamask to allow an "author" to sign an ethereum transaction (which includes an Article's ipfs address) with their private wallet keys
- the browser application integrates with an IPFS gateway to allow the app to publish an Article to IPFS; Textile Buckets

# Iterations

- each iteration runs Monday AM to Sunday Night; demo on Friday evening allowing two days of bugfixing, polishing, tweaks

##### `v0.0.1` Acceptance Criteria

- July 13-19; Demo Friday July 17
- [milestone v0.0.1](https://github.com/pnlp-network/pnlp/milestone/1)
- user can use metamask as identity provider; [issue](https://github.com/pnlp-network/pnlp/issues/10)
- user can sign and publish post from simple text-area to ipns address [issue](https://github.com/pnlp-network/pnlp/issues/11)
- author can list their own publications; [issue](https://github.com/pnlp-network/pnlp/issues/21)
- author can navigate to each publication and list articles under that publication; [issue](https://github.com/pnlp-network/pnlp/issues/22)
- author can read their own article; [issue](https://github.com/pnlp-network/pnlp/issues/23)
- author can link a pnlp subdomain to an IPNS directory and persist this info in a decentralized way. How? TBD..... but the pnlp article address should be a multi-address: `pnlp/<pnlp-version>/<publication-name>/<article-name>` [issue](https://github.com/pnlp-network/pnlp/issues/24)

##### `v0.0.2` Acceptance Criteria

- July 20-26; Demo Friday, July 24
- [milestone v0.0.2](https://github.com/pnlp-network/pnlp/milestone/2)
- user can write post from a markdown editor
- reader can navigate to a publication other than their own
- reader can list articles under publication
- reader can navigate to and read any article from list
- reader can see the ethereum address of the author
- reader can see the ipfs address of the article
- author can edit/update an article (this may be a whole can of worms... and if so might be worth pushing off. however, we need to design this to not preclude this from happening)

##### `v0.0.3` Acceptance Criteria

- July 27-Aug 2; Demo July 31
- [milestone v0.0.3](https://github.com/pnlp-network/pnlp/milestone/3)
- user has access to simple, well-formed instructions to introduce different parts of the app; [issue](https://github.com/pnlp-network/pnlp/issues/14); [issue](https://github.com/pnlp-network/pnlp/issues/new)
- reader can donate ethereum to author; [issue](https://github.com/pnlp-network/pnlp/issues/14)
- reader can donate Filecoin to the persistence of the article; [issue](https://github.com/pnlp-network/pnlp/issues/17)
- reader can see the estimated duration for which the article is presently funded

#### `v0.0.4` Acceptance Criteria

- July 3-Aug 4; Demo Aug 4
- [milestone v0.0.4](https://github.com/pnlp-network/pnlp/milestone/4)
- user has at least two options for language in i18n dropdown (en-US, fr-FR?); [issue](https://github.com/pnlp-network/pnlp/issues/15)
- user has reasonably stylish experience navigating the app and writing content; [issue](https://github.com/pnlp-network/pnlp/issues/16)

#### Roadmap

- make it easy for authors to associate ethereum addresses with a "friendly name" using ENS; display ENS name in webapp
- index submissions in some decentralized database. more research needed.
- add support for "private" submissions; published as encrypted files; "paid subscribers" can use metamask to send tokens in return for access to keys
- build simple RSS client (as a centralized service) that polls the pnlp.network and sends posts as emails to subscribers
- add support for multi-file submissions (ie submissions that contain images)

Commit message:

Add smart contract and tests

README.md, after:

# pnlp

Permissionless Publishing Platform

pnlp (pronounced "pulp") is an open publishing platform for written content.

# Development

- clone this repo
- cd `pnlp/pnlp-app`

## To run the frontend

- `npm install`
- `npm start`
- [http://localhost:4200](http://localhost:4200)
- during HackFS, use [FEEDBACK.md](https://github.com/pnlp-network/pnlp/blob/master/FEEDBACK.md) to list all (even minor) interactive trouble with positive and critical feedback for other teams we're interacting with. This is helpful to the community at large.
- use [LOG.md](https://github.com/pnlp-network/pnlp/blob/master/LOG.md) to make high level notes about new accomplishments/progress/challenges on any given day. We hope to be able to start blogging about the development of `pnlp` _on_ `pnlp` itself and LOG.md can serve as the bones of many articles.

## To run the smart contract

- Run `ganache-cli` in a new terminal. To install Ganche the first time, run `npm install -g ganache-cli`.
- Open another terminal
- `cd pnlp-contract && truffle migrate`

# Stack

- javascript browser application; Angular
- the browser application is deployed to and hosted on IPFS using Fleek
- browser application uses the ethers library to interact with the ethereum blockchain
- the browser application integrates with metamask to allow an "author" to sign an ethereum transaction (which includes an Article's ipfs address) with their private wallet keys
- the browser application integrates with an IPFS gateway to allow the app to publish an Article to IPFS; Textile Buckets

# Iterations

- each iteration runs Monday AM to Sunday Night; demo on Friday evening allowing two days of bugfixing, polishing, tweaks

##### `v0.0.1` Acceptance Criteria

- July 13-19; Demo Friday July 17
- [milestone v0.0.1](https://github.com/pnlp-network/pnlp/milestone/1)
- user can use metamask as identity provider; [issue](https://github.com/pnlp-network/pnlp/issues/10)
- user can sign and publish post from simple text-area to ipns address [issue](https://github.com/pnlp-network/pnlp/issues/11)
- author can list their own publications; [issue](https://github.com/pnlp-network/pnlp/issues/21)
- author can navigate to each publication and list articles under that publication; [issue](https://github.com/pnlp-network/pnlp/issues/22)
- author can read their own article; [issue](https://github.com/pnlp-network/pnlp/issues/23)
- author can link a pnlp subdomain to an IPNS directory and persist this info in a decentralized way. How? TBD..... but the pnlp article address should be a multi-address: `pnlp/<pnlp-version>/<publication-name>/<article-name>` [issue](https://github.com/pnlp-network/pnlp/issues/24)

##### `v0.0.2` Acceptance Criteria

- July 20-26; Demo Friday, July 24
- [milestone v0.0.2](https://github.com/pnlp-network/pnlp/milestone/2)
- user can write post from a markdown editor
- reader can navigate to a publication other than their own
- reader can list articles under publication
- reader can navigate to and read any article from list
- reader can see the ethereum address of the author
- reader can see the ipfs address of the article
- author can edit/update an article (this may be a whole can of worms... and if so might be worth pushing off. however, we need to design this to not preclude this from happening)

##### `v0.0.3` Acceptance Criteria

- July 27-Aug 2; Demo July 31
- [milestone v0.0.3](https://github.com/pnlp-network/pnlp/milestone/3)
- user has access to simple, well-formed instructions to introduce different parts of the app; [issue](https://github.com/pnlp-network/pnlp/issues/14); [issue](https://github.com/pnlp-network/pnlp/issues/new)
- reader can donate ethereum to author; [issue](https://github.com/pnlp-network/pnlp/issues/14)
- reader can donate Filecoin to the persistence of the article; [issue](https://github.com/pnlp-network/pnlp/issues/17)
- reader can see the estimated duration for which the article is presently funded

#### `v0.0.4` Acceptance Criteria

- July 3-Aug 4; Demo Aug 4
- [milestone v0.0.4](https://github.com/pnlp-network/pnlp/milestone/4)
- user has at least two options for language in i18n dropdown (en-US, fr-FR?); [issue](https://github.com/pnlp-network/pnlp/issues/15)
- user has reasonably stylish experience navigating the app and writing content; [issue](https://github.com/pnlp-network/pnlp/issues/16)

#### Roadmap

- make it easy for authors to associate ethereum addresses with a "friendly name" using ENS; display ENS name in webapp
- index submissions in some decentralized database. more research needed.
- add support for "private" submissions; published as encrypted files; "paid subscribers" can use metamask to send tokens in return for access to keys
- build simple RSS client (as a centralized service) that polls the pnlp.network and sends posts as emails to subscribers
- add support for multi-file submissions (ie submissions that contain images)
